ta da damn I should have brought out my
shit for this one hey oh I got my sword
somewhere around there it's broke it's
it snapped it out that on shooting uh
check attackontitan live the first look
the first look at the goddamn movie top
me up shit by the way acha songs honest
reactions I moccasin if you're new to
the channel please subscribe here we go
when I'm a day each my new post a visual
oh my god okm esta Casa si si you gotta
focus sanjeeda no proposal on school
kind of Japanese your night nice perfect
yes quiet if you want asian diva totally
no caveats good hey when you crash take
second one's own cuckoo but she was my
style so is it seemed to your signature
cha-ching I can sanitize van zee vaga
Indian motor searching jojo's show all
about using como la russa home engage
Mustafa
time he got a vocab you will contain
same poem will you suck that she does
look that's Neko Case Files all right
okay okay it it looks I mean it looks it
looks exactly as I expected because it
kind of looks like the kitchen live
action feel um not overdone it looks
dark it looks like it looks exactly as I
expected to be honest so I'm not I'm not
I'm not disappointed I'm not overly
impressed or whatever um it looked it
what we just saw that's fine I am cool
with that it's I'm very very very cool
with that and um you know they actually
filmed that one scene where he was
screaming out whatever I think that was
actually a scene that they shot in um uh
a battleship island good my goomah um
nagasaki area so i knew i wanted to
actually go because you could actually
you could have been an extra in that
sequence and they were taking everybody
foreigners and everything but you have
to be part of this particular package
and it just wasn't working for me
anyways yo that that i'm cool with that
I can't wait till more comes out an
official trailer comes out I like the
fact that they the narrations start the
same kind of way the bird flying in the
air um the colossal titan i don't know
if i would have gone with all that smoke
and a nighttime thing but i know why if
that's the way the movies gonna go I
kind of know why door going with it
because if it was broad daylight the CG
was gonna look shitty let's just let's
just make that clear right now the CG
would look real shitty um you know
you've seen how transformers looks when
it when it's like broad daylight so it
really looks obviously fake so so I
could kind of understand why they would
make it very cloudy like that or
whatever we'll see we got a long way to
go
to that movies out so I I am in love
though with that one because a poster
woof so we'll see what happens until a
Batman vs Superman trailer comes out I
shall keep my reactions eyes